[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Colonel Randy
Cramer, who has participated
in a covert military space
program called the Earth Defense
Force.
Today, we are talking
about ET public landings.
Randy, welcome to the show.
>>RANDY CRAMER:
Thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: So there's been
some aerial phenomenon that's
been in the news and the media.
How authentic is this?
Or do you have another
example why it may not be?
>>CRAMER: The stories
that I've seen
hit the public airwaves
seem to be completely
authentic and legitimate.
The information that we
get through special section
intelligence confirms
that as well as
what we understand to be
dozens of unreported incidences
that are also
occurring globally.
>>EMERY: Which ones stick
out for you recently
that you would like to discuss?
>>CRAMER: Oh, I mean, the
Las Vegas one, I think,
is one that stuck out the most,
had probably some of the best
evidence.
And then the Miami one was--
I mean, there's the
circumstantial evidence
around that one,
I think, is deeply
indicative of an occurrence
that was actually occurring even
though they seem to have nabbed
most of the legitimate evidence
for that.
>>EMERY: So from
your perspective,
Randy, what actually
happened in Las Vegas?
>>CRAMER: From the witness
testimony of the folks that
lived in the house, the family
members that lived in the house
that apparently this vehicle
landed in the backyard, which,
from the aerial photos
that I've seen, "backyard"
is not a very good
descriptive term.
It was really a gravel lot
where they kept heavy machinery,
like road equipment, garden
equipment, and something
like that for their
home business.
It looked like at least
a quarter of an acre.
I mean, it was a big lot with
a chain link fence around it.
And then there ended
up being a big ring
right in the middle
of the gravel,
where this thing set
down right in the middle,
made a big circular pattern.
So according to the
eyewitnesses who lived there,
this thing drops down
in their backyard.
They all come out to look at it.
They're observing multiple ETs
that come out of the vehicle.
Some came right up
to the house, which
we presume if your
car broke down
and you might go up to someone's
house and try to knock,
I think they were just trying
to be polite and just say, hey,
sorry, we crashed
in your backyard,
we shouldn't be here
more than a minute,
while they had to
make some repairs,
apparently before they
could take off again.
>> Did you see them?
>> Yeah, I mean, inside.
>> What'd you see?
>> It was like a--
it was like a big creature.
>> A big creature?
>> Yeah, like
around 10 feet tall.
>> I'm not going to BS you guys.
One of my partners said they saw
something fall out of the sky,
too.
So that's why I'm
kind of curious.
Did you see anything
land in your backyard?
>> They see a big
bubble, they say.
They see a big
something with light.
>>CRAMER: The eyewitnesses'
report seeing this whole
incident through a haze--
through a fuzzy haze,
which, according
to what we understand about the
physics, the electrogravitics
from the vehicle itself that
creates the anti-gravity effect,
does that.
It bends the light.
It makes this fuzzy sort
of white light effect.
So that checks actually.
If a vehicle was to
land in your backyard--
>>EMERY: Makes sense.
>>CRAMER: --and
you were like, hey,
there were kind of hazy
and fuzzy, that checks.
That's an effect of
the light bending.
Well, it actually sort of
self-illuminates the space
around the vehicle.
So it's like a lit
up corona that's
not coming from a light bulb.
But it's coming from the
fuselage of the vehicle itself.
But yeah, it creates all of
that weird visual effect.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I totally
agree with you with that.
They also hired a corporation.
I don't know if it was one of
the news companies out there--
one of the major news three
letter agency companies
out there.
And there was some
film, of course,
of the creatures that
were also shifting
in and out of this blur zone.
>>CRAMER: Yes.
>>EMERY: And you
attribute that to the--
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Or is that maybe
something separate on them,
like a piece of-- because
we've used technical equipment
like that in the projects,
like kind of a predator suit
kind of thing.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
I would say the
most obvious thing
that you could pick from
that is there's definitely
an effect of physics of
light that is occurring
from the fuselage itself.
However, it is also
certainly possible,
depending on what their
natural frequency--
their natural
density frequency is,
would depend on whether it was
taking them some effort to be
fully present in 3D space.
And if that was the case,
then you might see them kind
of shifting in and out a little
bit because they might not fully
be in a 3D space.
They may have, as we
say, one foot in 3D,
one foot in 4D at the same time.
So that's entirely possible that
there's a crossing over effect
that, again, visually
would look like someone
was maybe a little
bendy or a little flowy
or coming in a
little out of space.
It would essentially not look as
sharp and clear as my arm looks
right now.
>>EMERY: What else
could we add to that?
>>CRAMER: Well, I
mean, what we know just
from the protocols of such
events and how they occur,
we know that the
green plasma ejection
that was occurring
around the vehicle
that that is the signal of a
vehicle making an emergency
landing.
So any time you see a
craft that's coming down
and it's surrounded by this
green plasma, that is literally
it flashing its
light, saying we're
coming in for an emergency.
>>EMERY: Like a
protection field maybe?
>>CRAMER: It's a signal.
>>EMERY: A signal.
It's flashing lights.
It's saying, emergency
landing, emergency landing,
emergency landing.
Anybody who can see it know
that that's what's occurring.
So it's incredibly obvious to
whatever space traffic control
would be operating in that
area that they can see, oh,
that's a vehicle making
an emergency landing.
So they don't have to presume
that something else is
occurring.
It's an intergalactic
universal signal
for making an emergency landing.
>>EMERY: I'm glad
you bring this up,
Randy, because there's so much
pop culture media out there
saying, oh, they crash landed.
And there's injuries.
And this was a controlled
emergency landing.
Would you agree?
>>CRAMER: Absolutely,
absolutely.
The vehicle was
intact when it landed.
They had to make some
repairs, for the same reason
that you might have
to pull your car over
to make a repair that you can't
repair your engine while it's
running down the road.
So you need to pull over.
So they needed to land, where
they could turn everything
off and then make the repair
that they needed to repair.
And then within minutes,
they were out of there.
If it had crashed, it would have
crashed and made an explosion.
And there would have
been orange fire.
And it would have been
a whole other incident.
>>EMERY: Now, I was privy
to some of the videos that
were not shown in the public.
But even the videos that are--
And you've seen some of
these videos, of course.
>>CRAMER: Oh, yeah.
>>EMERY: Do you
think-- my opinion,
what do you think they were
doing when they went over
the fence, grabbed some water,
brought it back to the craft?
Do you think they were trying to
fix the craft with this water?
Because they did end up
tracking that going to Lake Mead
afterwards and submerging.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
I mean, not knowing
exactly what kind
of mechanical problems that
they were having, they could
have easily needed some
water as a coolant.
Or they could have needed to--
maybe they had a small
localized fire on the dashboard
that they needed to put out or--
>>EMERY: Because water is
a power source in its own.
>>CRAMER: It also
could be used in the--
if it's part of
their fuel source,
if they're using
some kind of hydrogen
cracking system or using
the deuterium in the water
or something, that's
also entirely possible.
>>EMERY: And where would
you fit these species?
I know through what
you've been through,
you have a different form of
how you rate species, I'll say,
based on their races.
>>CRAMER: Sure.
>>EMERY: And also as far as
different types of program life
forms, what would
you call these?
>>CRAMER: From the picture that
I saw that was taken from one
of the ring cameras, they had
a brown speckled skin tone,
which as far as I understand,
identifies them as a Zeta 3C.
>>EMERY: And what does a
Zeta 3C usually look like?
>>CRAMER: Again,
they're not 4 footers.
They're more like
5 to 6, 6 and 1/2.
They can be like our
height, normal height.
But their skin
tone, again, is not
a lot of that pasty,
gray, white color.
It's kind of a brown
speckled color.
So they have little black
spots on a brown skin tone.
>>EMERY: Now, the
boy on the video
was saying that these were
incredibly tall beings.
>>CRAMER: My understanding
of most of the Zeta species
is they usually have a worker
class or a worker caste, which
is a little shorter, and a
leader class or an officer
class, which is taller.
So there can be a couple
of feet difference
in height between a worker,
a pilot, and a captain
or an officer.
>>EMERY: So according to
the Marine Special section,
what did they observe?
And what came out of this?
>>CRAMER: Well, again, from
what we understand, the vehicle,
which is a small probably--
I mean, I wouldn't even
call it a scout ship.
It was probably a
lifeboat type ship.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>CRAMER: It was very small.
But it was also too small
for all of the passengers
to fit inside.
So that is an indication that
it's got some pocket dimension
variation, that it was
bigger on the inside
than the outside because
the number of pilots or--
>>EMERY: Like a clown
car, there's all these--
people are coming out of
this small little area.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, yeah.
I mean, it wasn't much bigger
than an automobile as far as
like front to back.
But you've got several very
tall and bigger sized passengers
that came out of it that would
indicate that either they
were crammed in there
shoulder to shoulder
or it was bigger on the
inside than it appeared
to be on the outside,
which is a thing.
So that could
totally be the case.
>>EMERY: Randy, we spoke
about this on other episodes.
And let's explain to the
viewers, how would you do this--
how would you explain--
size doesn't matter in the
universe and space travel
because it could be
the size of a pea,
you have a whole civilization.
What's the dynamics
of a craft that
may look like it's only
10 feet in diameter
but inside it's the size
of a football field?
>>CRAMER: A pocket
dimension, basically.
>>EMERY: Pocket dimension, OK.
>>CRAMER: So we call
that a pocket dimension.
So basically, if I had a
pocket dimension in my pocket
that was bigger than
my actual pocket,
I could store a whole
library of books
or every utensil and
item in my kitchen
way more than what actually
fit in a little three
by three pocket because
inside is a much bigger pocket
dimension space.
>>EMERY: So they,
obviously, this race,
has mastered this pocket
dimension technology.
>>CRAMER: It's a fairly
common technology, actually.
So obviously, it
would be one that they
had mastered or developed.
But it's very common among
intergalactic species
to be able to do that.
>>EMERY: Can you explain
how they did that?
And have you used it on
any of your missions?
>>CRAMER: I mean,
I've been in ships
that have that
technological ability
so that from the outside,
it appears one side.
But then as soon as you step
inside, it's much, much larger.
So I've certainly
been in vehicles.
And I've been in
ships that do that.
I'm not entirely
sure other than--
the way it's been
explained to me,
if I had a balloon that
was uninflated in my hand
and I blew it up, that the
amount of cubic space that's
inside that balloon could then
be squeezed into something
that's much smaller.
But then when you
went inside the ship
that you put that
pocket dimension inside,
now you're inside the balloon.
And so the balloon is
as big and as spacious
as you inflated
the balloon to be.
But even if you packed
that and stuck it
into something that
was much smaller,
the internal space maintains
the exact same square footage,
square meters, cubic
feet, or whatever.
>>EMERY: So they're decreasing
that mass atomically somehow.
So it all can fit into a space.
Is it more of a portal type
thing, where you're actually
accessing a different part
somewhere else in the universe
that you store all your stuff?
What's the difference?
>>CRAMER: The surface
area on the outside
doesn't have to equal the
surface area on the inside.
So you can put something
into a much smaller space
so that the surface area
on the outside of it
is less than the surface
area on the inside.
Physics wise, the surface
area on the inside
maintains a constant no matter
what size of a container
you stick it into.
>>EMERY: Well, that has
been definitely proven
in many different
crash recovery sites,
even in Roswell, where
the craft was smaller.
But inside, it was much
greater dimensions.
So I can see how
that could happen.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, again,
it's very common.
>>EMERY: What other
conclusions could you
share with us about this
Las Vegas emergency landing?
And you can also express
your opinions on it as well.
>>CRAMER: Again, as
near as we understand,
they had to make an
emergency landing,
made the emergency landing, had
to make repairs of some kind,
made those repairs,
took off again.
And then where it
gets a little strange
is they then disappeared
into the lake.
But that doesn't mean
that they stayed there.
They could have gone
somewhere else from there.
Or if there was a
portal in the lake
or they used one in the lake
and went somewhere else,
then it wouldn't have actually
been inside the lake, which
they sent some vehicles.
I mean, there were
military vehicles there.
They did a full search.
They didn't find anything.
But wherever it went from
there, which we suspect
was to a spaceport facility
where they could then
be processed as refugees.
>>EMERY: Fascinating.
>>CRAMER: Indian Hills,
I think, is probably
where the facility is.
The intergalactic spaceport
there is an Indian Hills.
That's probably there
where they were taken to
or went to immediately
after that.
And then were
processed as refugees
so they could be sent back home.
>>EMERY: But what's interesting
is all those lakes out
there are connected
in one way or another.
And there are some
lakes out there,
like Lake Las Vegas, that
do record certain depths.
But from what I'm hearing
through the organizations out
there, that there are depths
that are uncharted there,
that they cannot get a
depth from these areas.
So it's interesting
that maybe this is also
tied into these wells
and aquifers, where
we get the water
from these reservoirs
anyway that might be
connected to this place
that you talked about,
this refugee camp area.
>>CRAMER: Well, and
we certainly know
that there are entry
places to spaceports
that can be through solid
rock, that can be underwater.
They're incredibly
unconventional
by our own standards
of where you
think you would need
to access something,
that you would need a
hangar door to open.
Or you would need something
to make way for the vehicle
to be able to land,
which, in many cases,
the sophistication is that's
completely not required at all.
They can go straight
through solid rock.
Or they're underwater.
They can go straight
down into the water.
There are sometimes
portals, caverns, tunnels,
and things in many of
the lakes and so forth.
>>EMERY: Do you believe
we had any interaction?
Or was the cause of
this emergency landing
such as our corporations,
military, government, so forth?
>>CRAMER: It's
difficult to speculate.
We would presume from
the increase in activity
in emergency landings
that it has something
to do with increased volatile
activity in the system, where
we think that many
of these vehicles
are being forced to land
not necessarily because they
wanted to or just had a
minor mechanical problem.
But there seems to be something
volatile, which is either
forcing them down into our
airspace or potentially even
damaging crafts so
that they have to,
again, take off in
a little dinghy--
an escape pod and escape ship
from a ship that was probably
much larger originally.
>>EMERY: What would
you tell our viewers
that say, well, these
beings are obviously so far
ahead in science
and everything else,
how could they
have a malfunction?
>>CRAMER: Well, I
mean, because even
with amazing,
sophisticated technologies,
there's no such thing as
100% perfect all the time.
But again, if there's
volatile activity,
you hit something hard
enough or you hit it
with a wave or a pulse
or an EMP or anything,
you can damage these
equipment, causing them, again,
to be forced to make a landing
and have to make repairs
before they can move on.
>>EMERY: Do you believe any
of the extraterrestrials
in this craft were
injured during this event?
>>CRAMER: It doesn't
appear that they were.
They didn't appear to be--
from all of the footage
that we've seen,
none of them appeared
to be injured, have broken
bones, be limping or bleeding.
So they appear to
be fully intact.
>>EMERY: If this was
a forced landing,
why didn't the United States
send their arsenal of planes
and helicopters and jets?
>>CRAMER: The footage
I've seen shows
that they did about 20
minutes after the vehicle left
the landing site.
Again, it was about
20, 30 minutes after.
>>EMERY: And that's
late for them?
>>CRAMER: Yeah, that is
very late, especially
as close by as they
are there in Vegas.
But for whatever reason, it
seemed to take them about 20,
30 minutes after
that to show up.
But there were aircrafts.
There were jets.
And there was a large
contingent of ground vehicles
that appeared near Lake Mead.
>>EMERY: Oh, right, yes.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
So they did show up.
But it appeared to be about
20 or 30 minutes late,
which is interesting.
>>EMERY: Are you aware
of any air traffic
control or radar or sonar or
anything that picked that up?
>>CRAMER: I'm sure that it was.
It was not a stealth landing.
The vehicle did not have
its "stealth equipment"
turned on so that it was not
trying to hide from radar.
So I imagine that whoever
was looking at the radar
saw radar tracings.
We certainly have satellite
radar that we tracked it with.
>>EMERY: For the
viewers who have not
heard about the
Miami Bay Mall event,
let's start from the beginning.
What started over there?
>>CRAMER: So January
1, 2024, there
was an incident that
occurred at the Miami Bayside
Mall in which, we'll say, the
credible eyewitnesses reported
seeing three large, tall
extraterrestrials that
were eight, nine feet tall that
seem to emerge from a clothing
store in this mall, which
send the entire population
of the mall panicking, running,
screaming out of the mall.
The duty officer on charge
with Miami Police Department
called up every single police
officer on duty and car
in Miami at the time, which was
like 123 cars and cops, which,
let's just be very clear,
that goes completely
against all known law
enforcement protocols.
As you don't call every
cop you have on duty
to show up to one incident
unless that incident requires
every single cop on duty.
Otherwise, what if there
is a shooting across town?
What if there's a bank
robbery across town?
What if there's a
drive-by across town?
And you've got every
single uniformed officer
in one location.
You can't respond
to another call.
So you would never--
it would be against
police protocol
to send every cop to
that mall unless it was
something incredibly serious.
And the official story
of 30 kids or whatever
fighting each other
with sticks does not
qualify to call up 123
cars with 123 cops in it.
>>EMERY: So there was
like initial reports that
were made public that there
were kids that were letting off
fireworks, perhaps, allegedly.
And this led to people
believing in the mall that
weren't right there
but heard this noise
and thought that was gunshots.
>>CRAMER: Again, that was not
what instigated the panic.
What instigated the panic was
seeing these three very, very
tall non-humans
that caused everyone
to be terrified and flee
from the mall immediately.
>>EMERY: How were-- just
for instance, for example,
if you're in this mall,
it's packed on this day.
There's lots of people there.
Everyone has a cell phone.
Why were there no actual
photographs or videos
just from civilians
filming these creatures?
>>CRAMER: Again, from the
credible eyewitness reports,
as they were leaving the mall,
the cops had surrounded the mall
and were stopping people
and checking their phones
and deleting photos and
video so that no one got out
with a single snapshot with a
single video that we have seen.
Otherwise, I think we would have
seen those snapshot pictures.
>>EMERY: Because
that's a lot of people
that they would
really have to check.
And maybe that's why they had
such a big presence there,
is to keep the whole
scenario under control maybe.
>>CRAMER: The only
tactical reason
why you would
actually have 123 cars
and cops is so that you
could circle a perimeter
and make sure that no one
got through that circle
without being
stopped and checked.
>>EMERY: So give
us some examples
of what the actual eyewitnesses
have claimed to see.
>>CRAMER: Eyewitnesses
claim to have seen three
very tall, non-human figures.
And again, estimates that
the eyewitnesses were saying
were between 8, 9, maybe
as tall as 10 feet.
We think it's closer to about 9.
But if you're 5 and 1/2, 6
feet tall and something's 8,
9 feet tall, how are you going
to really tell the difference
between, oh, that looks like
8 feet, oh, that's 10 feet?
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>CRAMER: Unless you're standing
there with your tape measure,
you're going to guesstimate
about how tall you
think that is.
And again, the credible
witnesses were just terrified
of what was occurring.
They had no idea what
was occurring other
than being in the presence of
three very large non-humans
caused just a general panic.
I mean, I won't even say panic.
I will say again that the
credible witnesses, which
were family members,
family men who
had their wives and
their kids with them,
who expressed feeling
like all of a sudden they
felt the tingling on the back
of their neck, the turning
in their gut.
Something was wrong.
>>EMERY: Yeah, flight or fight.
>>CRAMER: Yeah, they got
the fight or flight first.
And then as soon as
they saw it, they
just became instantly concerned
for the safety and well-being
of their families and wanted to
get out as quickly as possible.
>>EMERY: Did they mention
any clothing or apparatuses,
anything?
>>CRAMER: The
eyewitnesses' reports
that, again, they were
seen in a similar fashion
to the Vegas reporting.
They were seeing
a shimmer effect
by looking at their
physical bodies.
So instead of seeing a
sharp, defined image,
there was a wavy fading in
and out, shimmery effect.
But they seem to
say that they had
silverish skin
tones and/or we're
wearing silverish clothing.
>>EMERY: Now, there's technology
we're very aware of, Randy,
you and I, about these
holographic imaging that
we're very--
they can do this
all over the place.
Do you think there's
any possibility
that this may have
also had something
to do with a test of some of
these technologies we have?
>>CRAMER: Well, it's certainly
possible that was the case.
>>EMERY: Because where did they
go/ It was like they were there.
And then the reports are saying,
well, they just disappeared.
>>CRAMER: We have reports that
because Navy personnel showed up
immediately via portal and
portaled them out of there very,
very quickly.
>>EMERY: Right, let's
talk about that.
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
So that's the report
that we have on that,
was that Naval Space
Command personnel showed up
through portal and then portaled
them out of there right quick.
>>EMERY: Was that
witnessed by anyone?
Or were they putting up-- you
know how we can put up fields
so no one can see what
we're doing in a given area?
Or was anything witnessed
or anything leaked
out besides the stuff
you already know?
>>CRAMER: There is one or
two eyewitness reports.
But they're not from
credible individuals.
They're from individuals that
seem to have maybe been very
high on chemical substances.
And so you can't take
that what they said
or what they saw accurately.
But they seem to have-- there
were at least one or two
eyewitnesses that reported
seeing a shimmering portal
and people coming
in or out of that.
But those are not the
credible witnesses.
So we can't necessarily
take them at their word.
>>EMERY: So online,
there are some witnesses
that have filmed
some things, where
the film during the exact
moment has a glitch in it.
And then everything disappears.
And it goes right
back to the film.
What could cause that?
>>CRAMER: I saw that
particular piece of footage.
I went through it frame
by frame about 10 times.
And while, yes, I can say
as a trained observer,
there appeared to be something
glitchy happening near the end,
it cuts off right
at that point, too.
So unfortunately, that was
completely inconclusive.
I would say that
whatever was being
seen there was not clear
enough, was not long enough.
It was an instant
that you're seeing it.
It was what I would have to call
a completely inconclusive piece
of evidence.
>>EMERY: What about the
implications of the Miami Police
officer that was online on that
video talking about the Bayside
Mall event?
>>CRAMER: Actually,
I'm aware that there
were two different videos.
A senior officer who's been
there for years who is running
for County Sheriff as well,
he was on the phone with his,
I want to say, 17-, 18-, maybe
19-year-old son who's asking
him, hey, Dad, come on,
tell me what happened.
And he was like,
oh, come on, kid.
You know I can't tell you, which
if the official story was even
remotely true, the
answer would have been,
let me confirm that the
official story is true by saying
this is also what happened.
But if he's an old gray-haired
police officer, Miami Police
officer, and he says,
you know I can't
answer that question,
well, then we're
talking about something
occurring that they have
to keep covert and
keep classified,
which is not the official
cover story at all.
It would to be something other
than the official cover story.
So that's evidence in
the absence of evidence.
But the evidence of him
saying I can't talk about it
becomes a conclusive piece
of non-specific evidence
that, why else would you
say that if the cover
story was actually true?
The only reason you
would say that is
because the story that you don't
want people to know is true to
is actually true.
Otherwise, you would say that.
>>EMERY: And the
police officers could
have been also
misinformed of maybe
we're just testing technology.
And it went south.
We can't let anyone know.
Who knows what they could
have possibly told them?
>>CRAMER: True.
But again, you
have nobody who has
gone on the record, no body cam
footage, no dash cam footage.
Normally, in an
incident of that size,
you would have one
cop that would go off
the record, one cop that
would talk to the local media
and go off the record.
But nothing, not one.
That's more suspicious than
the information would be.
The lack of
information turns out
to be highly suspicious
in an incident
where you have 123
cops on the ground.
You should have a
lot of information.
>>EMERY: For the public, yeah.
>>CRAMER: You should
have 123 body cams.
You should have 123 dash cams.
You should have 123 cops that
had to fill out a report that's
all part of the public record.
You can say, I want to
see the public record
of the cops that filled
out their incident reports.
No one can see the
incident reports.
No one can see the body cams.
No one can see the dash cams.
That's a cover up of a story
that's not the cover story.
Otherwise, again,
if it was, they
wouldn't be afraid to tell that.
You would be able to see
the incident reports.
You'd be able to
interview one of the cops.
You'd see the dash cam footage.
You'd see the body cam footage.
But the fact that none of
that is available is way more
indicative that they're covering
up something far more serious
than the "cover story"
occurred at all.
>>EMERY: How interesting that
a civilian footage made it
to the media and made it online
showing the police officers
there and what is claimed--
allegedly to be claimed on the
internet of this giant creature
walking by?
Could you please debunk
that for the viewers?
>>CRAMER: Yeah.
So the videos that I saw of that
were three different shots--
one that was very low
def and very blurry,
one was slightly sharper but was
still very blurry and not high
definition at all, and
then one high definition
shot from the helicopter.
The high definition
shot shows that it's
two police officers
on a series of steps
so that one is on the
lower portion of the steps
and the other on the
higher portion of the steps
so that when you blend
the image together,
it looks like something very
tall that's moving out of sorts.
But in that high definition
shot, it's just two cops
walking on the steps.
>>EMERY: So how are these
reported UFO sightings, ET
sightings, all
these encounters--
how do you think that's
influencing the general public?
>>CRAMER: From what we
can tell, the temperature
of what the general
public at the moment
is most of the general public
believes something's going on.
They believe there's
more happening than what
they're being told of.
So I mean, let's say--
>>EMERY: They're not happy
with the official responses?
>>CRAMER: Not at all.
So let's just make a comparison.
30 years ago, if something
like this occurred,
people would readily
believe the official story.
People would readily
believe that whatever
the official story of tell
them that nothing to see here,
they would believe that.
They would accept that.
You have the
opposite of that now.
You have the vast majority
of people who are like,
you're clearly lying to us.
You're not telling us the truth.
>>EMERY: It's obvious.
>>CRAMER: Something happened.
What is it?
But they've done an incredibly
good job of shutting--
>>EMERY: They did.
>>CRAMER: --the
information down.
So the leaks that normally would
flow from something like this
that then someone would
get a hold of, that
would get to the media, they
managed to lock all of that
down.
That was pretty
impressive, actually.
>>EMERY: Well, Randy,
fascinating intelligence
on this.
I really appreciate
your perspective
and sharing it with
us on the show.
>>CRAMER: My
pleasure, thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME SONG]